
https://codepen.io/Kylevb405/pen/XWdwMbw?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Tags that define or give purpose to an element
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is the structure of a product
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute provides more imformation for the elements, and are placed within elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 tag is to show the importance of that data, there should only be 1
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img, and anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	
    7. What is an id? 
	An id is a type of selector
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
    10. What is a class? 
	a class is a type of selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add a target to an achor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	Used to display information if that image is unable to load and provide accessability to screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
	with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	a div is not semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Css is used to manipulate how the structure of the product looks
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	by using elements tag, such as p{, section{, div{
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	
	a class can be share among multiple elements whereas there can only be one id for said element
	
	class could be used to manipulate multiple p tags

	an id could be used to manipulate a specific p tag to be different	

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	with a ., such as .class{
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p{
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	select all elements that are a direct child. It would be useful when you need change the child
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar div a{
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	specifies a element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line height 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	with *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	git branch
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	organization
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	whenever you save, reach a checkpoint in progress
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork, cd, clone, cd to clone, git-checkout -b 'firstname-lastname', add, commit -m, push
